Update user guide making it clear that VM installation doesn't support Thread (#112)
project-chip/certification-tool: docs/Matter_TH_User_Guide/Matter_TH_User_Guide.adoc

For hobby developers who want to get acquainted with certification tools/process/TC’s, can spin DUT’s using the example apps provided in the SDK. Refer to the instructions to set up one https://groups.csa-iot.org/wg/matter-csg/document/folder/2756[here].

> TH runs on Ubuntu 22.04 Server LTS. The official installation method uses a Raspberry Pi (<<th-image-installation-on-raspberry-pi>>), but there's an alternative method used in the tool's development that uses a virtual machine instead (<<th-installation-without-a-raspberry-pi>>). The installation without a Raspeberry Pi doesn't support running Thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TH runs on Ubuntu 22.04 Server LTS. The official installation method uses a Raspberry Pi (<<th-image-installation-on-raspberry-pi>>), but there's an alternative method used in the tool's development that uses a virtual machine instead (<<th-installation-without-a-raspberry-pi>>). Keep in mind that thread networking is not officially supported in VM installations at the moment.
```
